50 right maybe and left opens
right maybe hand left opens over 50
5500 turn long way left
what's the service in the village 20k
right mavey
20 easy left 2002 maybe 30 long left
maybe 50 very very long easy rights
keeping on action 20 left
70 easy left 20 80 right maybe over jump
13 flat left maybe 35 30 easy left maybe
20 easy right over 555 and flat left 50
flat right maybe 100 200 flat right 50
grand
easy right
seventy
easy right and absolutely left 150 flat
left twisty 350
black left with a 100 flam right maybe
70 flat left 70 absolute right 150
unseen easy right 50 easy left 50 grid
there are 150 bug right maybe staying
and long flat left
easy left we have a bit of country 50
left maybe over
11550 of a dip easy right
thirty flat left
right
easy right fifty leftover per 30 flat
right hundred long easy right
twisty 100
they left
long K right 50
my left 30 have been left
50 hairpin right
thirty flat left
absolutely right
50 easy left maybe 30 long if he left
actually left 200
hey left
20 flat right 120
easy left
seventy flat left over grid fifty long
flat right maybe 70
so it writes 50 flat left baby flatten
right
one hundred very long easy right
dear
and easy left
absolutely right over good
keep your home for Jimmy
absolutely right
to the right
100 flat left
6150 absolutely left
seventy flat left baby 100 absolute left
150 right
70 long flight left
200 finish
okay